Fix #79 and remove some hard coded value in tests (#80)
mne-tools/mne-features: doc/whats_new.rst

- Change `log-power` values to *dB* (10 *log10*) in :func:`mne_features.univariate.compute_pow_freq_bands`. By `Thomas Fillon`_ in `#80 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-features/pull/80>`_.

Bug
~~~

- Fixed the behavior of the `edge` parameter in :func:`mne_features.univariate.compute_spect_edge_freq`. Valid values for this parameter are now `None` or a list of float between `0` and `1` (percentages). By `Jean-Baptiste SCHIRATTI`_ in `#52 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-features/pull/52>`_.
- Fixed channel name replacement with overlapping channel names (e.g., Cz and FCz) which affected :func:`mne_features.extract_features` with `return_as_df=True` and when `ch_names` are provided. By `Hubert Banville`_ in `#63 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-features/pull/63>`_.
- Fixed :class:`feature_extraction.FeatureFunctionTransformer`'s `check_input` method following sickit-learn 1.0 release: passing `reset=True`. By `Paul ROUJANSKY`_ in `#70 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-features/pull/70>`_.

> - Fixed the value of normalized `log-power` values in :func:`mne_features.univariate.compute_pow_freq_bands`. Normizatio by total power is done before taking the log of the power value.  By `Thomas Fillon`_ in `#80 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-features/pull/80>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the value of normalized `log-power` values in :func:`mne_features.univariate.compute_pow_freq_bands`. Normalization by total power is now done before taking the log of the power value.  By `Thomas Fillon`_ in `#80 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-features/pull/80>`_.
```
